FR #976: Add support for contract commitments (#1350)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/contract_commitment/columns/contractcommitmentcost.md

# Contract Commitment Cost

> Contract Commitment Cost represents the monetary value of the [*contract commitment*](#glossary:contract-commitment).  Contract Commitment Cost is commonly used for monitoring the progress towards fulfilling contractual commitments that may facilitate discounts for [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) as negotiated between a provider and a customer.

Reviewer: I suggest we avoid using the term `negotiated`, at least in this iteration:

```suggestion
Contract Commitment Cost represents the monetary value of the [*contract commitment*](#glossary:contract-commitment).  Contract Commitment Cost is commonly used for monitoring the progress towards fulfilling contractual commitments that may facilitate discounts for [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) as agreed between a provider and a customer.
```

The ContractCommitmentCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* ContractCommitmentCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ContractCommitmentCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* ContractCommitmentCost MUST conform to [NumericFormat](#numericformat) requirements.
* ContractCommitmentCost nullability is defined as follows:
  * ContractCommitmentCost MUST NOT be null when ContractCommitmentQuantity is null.
  * ContractCommitmentCost MAY be null when ContractCommitmentQuantity is not null.
* ContractCommitmentCost MUST be a valid decimal value.

> 

Author: If I want to include a normative requirement for "must be declared in the BillingCurrency"... do I need to include that column in this table?  I think I do...

Author: Discussed in Aug 26 TF1.  Agreement that we need to add a Currency column to describe what the cost is denominated in.

Author: Per @richkreitz: is there a situation where we may have the currency of the commitment that differs from the currency of the cost and usage?

Author: Per @ijurica: let's structure a requirement to match the Billing Currency as a SHOULD.

Author: Added `Contract Commitment Currency`.  Resolving.

# Contract Commitment Cost

Contract Commitment Cost represents the monetary value of the [*contract commitment*](#glossary:contract-commitment).  Contract Commitment Cost is commonly used for monitoring the progress towards fulfilling contractual commitments that may facilitate discounts for [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) as agreed between a provider and a customer.

The ContractCommitmentCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* ContractCommitmentCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ContractCommitmentCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* ContractCommitmentCost MUST conform to [NumericFormat](#numericformat) requirements.
* ContractCommitmentCost nullability is defined as follows:
  * ContractCommitmentCost MUST NOT be null when ContractCommitmentQuantity is null.

>   * ContractCommitmentCost MAY be null when ContractCommitmentQuantity is not null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ContractCommitmentCost MUST NOT be null when [ContractCommitmentCategory](#contractcommitmentcategory) is "Spend".
  * ContractCommitmentCost MAY be null when ContractCommitmentCategory is "Usage".
```
